=pod

=head1 NAME

Fl::Button - Simple, Clickable Button Widget

=head1 Synopsis

    use Fl qw[:button];
    my $button = Fl::Button->new(0, 0, 100, 200, 'Hello, World!');
    $button->callback(sub {print q[It's dat boi]} );

=head1 Description

Buttons generate callbacks when they are clicked by the user.

You control exactly when and how by changing the values for type() and when().
Buttons can also generate callbacks in response to FL_SHORTCUT events. The
button can either have an explicit shortcut($s) value or a letter shortcut can
be indicated in the label() with an '&' character before it. For the label
shortcut it does not matter if Alt is held down, but if you have an input
field in the same window, the user will have to hold down the Alt key so that
the input field does not eat the event first as an FL_KEYBOARD event.

=head2 Button Types

Setting the buttons's C<type(...)> allows you to define any of the following:

=over

=item FL_NORMAL_BUTTON

This is a typical button that remains unchanged after the button is pressed.

=item FL_TOGGLE_BUTTON

The value of this button is inverted after it is pressed.

=item FL_RADIO_BUTTON

This button is set to 1 after it is pressed and all other buttons in the
current group with C<type() == FL_RADIO_BUTTON> are set to zero.

=back

All of the above values may be imported with the C<:button> or C<:enum> tag.

=head2 Callback Triggers

For a button, the following C<when()> values are defined:

=over

=item C<0>

The callback is not done. Instead, C<changed()> is turned on.

=item FL_WHEN_RELEASED

The callback is done after the user successfully clicks the button or when a
shortcut is typed.

=item FL_WHEN_CHANGED

The callback is done each time the C<value()> changes (when the user pushes
and releases the button and as the mouse is dragged around in and out of the
button).

=back

All of the above values may be imported with the C<:when> or C<:enum> tag.

=head1 Methods

Fl::Button inherits from Fl::Widget and exposes the following methods...

=cut

#include <FL/Fl_Button.H>

MODULE = Fl::Button        PACKAGE = Fl::Button            PREFIX = Fl_

PROTOTYPES: DISABLE

=pod

=head2 new(...)

    my $button_a = Fl::Button->new(0, 0, 250, 500, 'Important Stuff');
    my $button_b = Fl::Button->new(0, 0, 250, 500);

The constructor creates the button using the given position, size, and label.

Yuo can control how the button is drown when ON by setting down_box(). The
default is FL_NO_BOX which will select an appropriate box type using the
normal box type. The default box type is FL_UP_BOX.

The destructor removes the button.

=cut

Fl_Button *
Fl_Button::new( ... )
    CASE: (items == 5 || items == 6)
        CODE:
            /*(int x, int y, int w, int h, char * label = $0)*/
            char * label = "";
            int x = (int)SvIV(ST(1));
            int y = (int)SvIV(ST(2));
            int w = (int)SvIV(ST(3));
            int h = (int)SvIV(ST(4));
            if (items == 6) label = (char *)SvPV_nolen(ST(5));
            RETVAL = new Fl_Button(x,y,w,h,label);
        OUTPUT:
            RETVAL

void
Fl_Button::DESTROY()
    CODE:
        int refcount = SvREFCNT(SvRV(ST(0)));
        if (refcount == 1) {
            delete THIS;
        }
        else {
            SvREFCNT_dec(ST(0));
        }

=pod

=head2 clear()

    $button_a->clear();

Same as C<value(0)>.

=cut

int
Fl_Button::clear()

=pod

=head2 box_down()

    my $boxtype = $button_a->box_down();
    $button_a->box_down(Fl::FL_FLAT_BOX);

Gets or sets the down box type.

The default value causes FLTK to figure out the correct matching down version.

=cut

void
Fl_Button::down_box(IN_OUTLIST Fl_Boxtype b = NO_INIT)
    CODE:
        if (items == 2)
            THIS->down_box(b);
        if (GIMME_V != G_VOID)
            b = THIS->down_box(); // Don't bother if called in void context

=pod

=head2 set()

    $button_a->set();

Same as C<value(1)>.

=cut

int
Fl_Button::set()

=pod

=head2 setonly()

    $button_a->setonly();

Turns this button on and turns off all other radio button sin the group. Note
that calling C<value(1)> or C<set()> does not do this.

=cut

void
Fl_Button::setonly()

=pod

=head2 shortcut(...)

    my $shortcut = $button_a->shortcut();
    $button_a->shortcut(FL_ALT | 'a');

Sets or returns the current shortcut key for the button.

Setting this overrides the use of '&' in the label(). The value is a bitwise
OR of a key and a set of shift flags, for example: C<FL_ALT | 'a'>, or
C<FL_ALT | (FL_F + 10)>, or just C<'a'>. A value of C<0> disables the
shortcut.

The key can be any value returned by Fl::event_key(), but will usually be an
ASCII letter. Use a lower-case letter unless you require the shift key to be
held down.

The shift flags can be any set of values accepted by Fl::event_state(). If the
bit is on, that shift key must be pushed. Meta, Alt, Ctrl, and Shift must be
off if they are not in the shift flags (zero for the other bits indicates a
"don't care" setting).

C<FL_ALT>, C<FL_F>, etc. may be imported with the C<:keyboard> tag.

=cut

void
Fl_Button::shortcut(IN_OUTLIST int shortcut = NO_INIT)
    CODE:
        if (items == 2)
            THIS->shortcut(shortcut);
        if (GIMME_V != G_VOID)
            shortcut = THIS->shortcut(); // Don't bother if called in void context

=pod

=head2 value(...)

    $button_a->value(1);

Sets the current value of the button.

A non-zero value sets the button to 1 (on) and zero sets it to 0 (off).

=cut

int
Fl_Button::value(int v)

MODULE = Fl        PACKAGE = Fl

BOOT:
    set_isa("Fl::Button", "Fl::Widget");
    export_constant( "FL_NORMAL_BUTTON",    "button", newSViv(FL_NORMAL_BUTTON ));
    export_constant( "FL_TOGGLE_BUTTON",    "button", newSViv(FL_TOGGLE_BUTTON ));
    export_constant( "FL_RADIO_BUTTON",     "button", newSViv(FL_RADIO_BUTTON ));

=pod

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) Sanko Robinson.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 AUTHOR

Sanko Robinson E<lt>sanko@cpan.orgE<gt>

=cut
